book: endoscaling convergence problem (#453)
tachyon-zcash/ragu: book/src/protocol/extensions/endoscalar.md

# Endoscalars

Introduced in the [Halo protocol](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/1021), an

> _endoscalar_ $\endo{s}\in\{0,1\}^\lambda$ (where $\lambda$ is 128 or 136 bits)

Reviewer: This is weirdly specific, though I see what you're trying to say (it's a security level parameter akin to what people would expect takes the value 128 or thereabouts).

first, run $\mathsf{extract}$ in the $\F_p$-circuit to obtain the endoscalar as a
public output; then use the same endoscalar as the public input of the
$\F_q$-circuit and constrain $\endo{s}\cdot G$ completely natively.

## Convergence Problem

> In a curve cycle, endoscalars are scalar multiplications where the scalar is from the foreign

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a curve cycle, endoscaling is a scalar multiplication where the scalar is from the foreign
```
